Update multinode setup page(s) (#525)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: getting-started/setup-multi-node-advanced.md

> # Advanced setup for multi-node

Author: Yah, initially I though it would involve setting up user roles, etc. but going through it, it's pretty much all secure communication

Beyond the [basic setup][] for multi-node, there are a number of 
important aspects of the implementation that may need to be configured,
especially for a production environment:
- Enabling secure communication between the access node and the data 
nodes

> - Adding users/roles and permissions to interact with the system

Author: So does this assume that there is a password already set for the `postgres` role on the access node and the data nodes?

Reload the server configuration with:
```
pg_ctl reload
```
and the system setup is complete

---

## Certificate authentication [](multi-node-auth-certificate)
This method is more complex to set up than password authentication, but 
more secure and easier to automate.

The steps to set up certificate authentication are:

1. Set up a certificate authority that can sign certificates and
   create a root certificate.
2. Generate a key and certificate for the access node and data nodes.
3. Configure the access node and data node to use the certificates and
   to accept certified connections.
4. Generate a key and certificate for each user.

To use certificates, each instance involved in certificate
authentication uses three files:

- A *root certificate*, which we assumed to be named `root.crt`. This is 
  the certificate that identifies a trusted Certification Authority (CA). 
  It contains the public key of the CA (or CAs, in the event that there 
  is a certificiation authority chain) and can be freely copied between 
  servers.
- A *certificate* that is signed by the CA. This contains the public
  key and is used to verify signatures and can also be freely copied.

> - A *key* that contains the private key. This is used to sign messages
>   and should be kept secure on the instance where it is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A private *key* that provides proof of ownership of the node certificate. In the case of the access node, this key is also used to sign user certificates. The key should be kept secure on the node instance.
```

> For the access node a single *root certificate* can be shared among 
> users. However each user on the access node needs a unique *signed 
> certificate* and *key*.

Reviewer: I am not sure I understand what this is trying to say. Perhaps this is more clear:
```suggestion
The access node also needs a private key and certificate pair for each user (role) in the database that should be able to connect and execute queries on the data nodes. The access node can use its own node certificate to create and sign new user certificates, as described further below in this section.
```

Author: I'll trust your judgement on this part.  I took that directly from the original doc

For each data node, the *root certificate* can be copied from the access 

> node, but a *signed certificate* and *key* must be generated.

Reviewer: Again, I am not sure what this is trying to say. It sounds as if it is repeating what was already said above in the bullet list. I suggest removing.

##### 1. Set up a Certification Authority

> A Certificate Authority (CA) is necessary as a trusted third party to 

Reviewer: The acronym was already introduced in the beginning of this sub-section, so maybe not necessary to repeat?

```suggestion
A Certificate Authority is necessary as a trusted third party to 
```

> A Certificate Authority (CA) is necessary as a trusted third party to 
> sign other certificates.  The _key_ of the CA is used to sign 
> Certificate Signing Requests (CSRs), and the _certificate_ of the CA is 
> what is used as a root certificate for other parties. Creating a new CA 
> is not necessary if there is already one available to be employed.  In 
> that case skip to the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Certificate Authority (CA) provides the root of trust in the system and is used to create (sign) certificates for each TimescaleDB instance so that they can securely authenticate that they are communicating with trusted peers. This section describes how to create a self-signed root CA, but if a CA is already available to be employed, it is possible to skip to the next step.
```

>:WARNING: The Certificate Authority key is central to your security
and needs to be treated with care. Ideally, the key should be
generated and used on a secured machine dedicated for this
purpose. Typically, the key should not leave the machine and you
should even consider the risk of backups being compromised.

> First, generate a key and insert it into your `auth.key` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, generate a private key called `auth.key`:
```

What you are about to enter is what is called a Distinguished Name or a DN.
There are quite a few fields but you can leave some blank
For some fields there will be a default value,
If you enter '.', the field will be left blank.
-----
Country Name (2 letter code) [AU]:US
State or Province Name (full name) [Some-State]:New York
Locality Name (eg, city) []:New York
Organization Name (eg, company) [Internet Widgits Pty Ltd]:Example Company Pty Ltd
Organizational Unit Name (eg, section) []:
Common Name (e.g. server FQDN or YOUR name) []:http://cert.example.com/
Email Address []: 
```

`Common Name` is the (imaginary) location of the root
certificate, which in theory would allow a user to download the
certificate from a known location and verify that it is the correct
one. In this case, the value is not checked but it is possible to have
different policies on what is allowed as common name.

Remember that the root certificate only contains public information and
can be distributed freely between machines. It is actually more secure
to distribute it widely so that anyone interested in using the root
certificate can be more certain to get the right certificate if it

> is available at many locations.

Reviewer: IMO, there's too much "education" about certificates going on here, which is not relevant to our main message. I think we should refer to more authoritative documentation elsewhere for people that want to know more about how certificates and CAs work. I suggest we skip this section.

Also, the stuff about "common name" is confusing. The common name is typically the server name of the organization (I guess this is kind of a location, but when saying it is a "location" it is easily confused with other fields that are actual locations, like "Locality Name"). However, I don't think the common name is particularly important for a self-signed root CA certificate.

##### 2. Generate keys and certificates for instances

Keys and certificates serve similar but distinct purposes for the data nodes and 
access node respectively.  For the data nodes, a signed certificate verifies the 
node to the access node.  The access node needs a signed certificate to sign user 

> certificates for access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certificates for access, or private proof of identity to clients connecting externally.
```

The default names for the instance key and certificate are `server.key`
and `server.crt` respectively and they are both placed in the data
directory of the instance. To create a server certificate:

> 1. Generate a Certificate Signing Request `server.csr` for the

Reviewer: I think we must mention that the Common Name field should be the host name or IP address of the server/node.

##### 3. Configure the instance to use SSL authentication

Configure the instance to use SSL authentication by setting the `ssl` 
option to `on` in the `postgresql.conf` configuration file and setting 
`ssl_ca_file` in the configuration file for the instance.

```
ssl = on
ssl_ca_file = 'root.crt'
ssl_cert_file = 'server.crt'
ssl_key_file = 'server.key'
```

This configuration is only required on data nodes, but it can also be applied to 
the access node to enable certificate authentication for login.

>:TIP: `ssl_cert_file` and `ssl_key_file` are here set explicitly, but do not need 
to be set for the default values (`server.crt` and `server.key`).  If the values 
are different from the defaults, they _would_ need to be set explicitly.

Now configure the HBA file (default `pg_hba.conf`) on the data node to accept 
certificates for users.  Add a line to allow any user belonging to the the role 
`ssl_cert` to log in:

```
# TYPE    DATABASE  USER        ADDRESS   METHOD  OPTIONS
hostssl   all       +ssl_cert   all       cert    clientcert=1
```

Create the role `ssl_cert` in the data node(psql):

```sql
CREATE ROLE ssl_cert;
```

##### 4. Generate user keys and certificates

> The access node does not have any user keys nor certificates, so it cannot yet log 
> into the data node.  User key files and user certificates are stored in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The access node does not have any user keys nor certificates, so it cannot yet connect and start a user session on data nodes.  User key files and user certificates are stored in 
```

`timescaledb/certs` in the data directory.

>:TIP: To move the location of the user certificates and keys outside of the data 
directory, set `ssl_dir` to another value.

> The key and certificate file names for a role are constructed by taking 

Reviewer: We started talking about users, but abruptly switch to "roles" here. Maybe add:

```suggestion
The key and certificate file names for a user, also called a "role" in PostgreSQL, are constructed by taking 
```
